the hair we have an ordinary
loaf of homemade bread
watch closely
I don't like the bread
disappearing before our very
eyes
no matter that is nothing you
bar except me and making read
this
what are you talking about i
can't make anything disappear
a third of all the world's food
is currently being wasted
watch this there madam is the
amount of bread that you've got
to disappear every week for
household waste over the last 40
years
food is got cheaper and people
have become more affluent it's a
disposable commodity for a lot
of people want something special
for sunday dinner chicken is now
threatening a everyday big
corporations have invested
billions of dollars into working
out how to trigger that
evolutionary impulse to take and
take more more and more and more
and these batters join the
never-ending parade of proof
hold on the move every week by
twenty thirty percent more food
than we're even going to eat
we checked the rest in the trash
go to the grocery stores and
they get stock at the end of the
day that is nearing its expiry a
lot of grocery stores
maybe your local one Chuck's it
in the trash
these products come from farms
and ranches despite distance and
season the fruit and vegetables
that you buy in the store
it's not normal for them to look
so perfect
and if an orange has even a
slight skin blemish a little
scar that has no impact on the
freshness the taste the
longevity of that food
it gets rejected what kind of
sense does that make
food is land food is forests you
have to chop down for us to grow
more food food is water food is
Labor food is love in our homes
we can stop food ways but we can
also demand that the businesses
that bring us our food every day
stop wasting their food and stop
causing their farmers to waste
food and they will only do that
if we demand it
find out more about food waste
pickup this month's national
geographic magazine
I think one of the most exciting
things that people don't really
realize is that birds are living
dinosaurs and dinosaurs giving
rise to merge probably did the
same thing that birds - and more
than likely dinosaurs dance